README.md, before:

# Python Projects

Welcome to the Python Projects repository! This repository contains a collection of Python projects developed by me and to improve my programming skills and demonstrate various concepts in Python.

## Goal

The primary goal of this repository is to:

- Provide a learning experience with Python.
- Showcase different Python projects ranging from beginner to advanced levels.
- Explore various Python libraries and frameworks.
- Encourage best practices in coding and project organization.

## Projects

1. **Code César Décode**: A simple Python program that encrypts and decrypts messages using the Caesar cipher.
2. **Calculator Project**: A simple calculator program that performs basic arithmetic operations.
3. **Small game**: A simple game that generates a random number and asks the user to guess it in 10 attempts.
4. **Awakening**: A simple Awakening with Crazy Frog for Wake-up alarm.

## Getting Started

To get started with any of the projects, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Lutr4nn/Python-projects.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Python-Projects/Project-Name
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Run the project:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create issue with your changes.

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Update README.md to improve clarity and add Learn Turtle project; add Learn-turtle.py for Turtle graphics exercises

README.md, after:

# Python Projects

Welcome to the Python Projects repository! This repository contains a collection of Python projects developed by me to improve my programming skills and demonstrate various concepts in Python.

## Goal

The primary goal of this repository is to:

- Provide a learning experience with Python.
- Showcase different Python projects ranging from beginner to advanced levels.
- Explore various Python libraries and frameworks.
- Encourage best practices in coding and project organization.

## Projects

1. **Code César Décode**: A simple Python program that encrypts and decrypts messages using the Caesar cipher.
2. **Calculator Project**: A simple calculator program that performs basic arithmetic operations.
3. **Small game**: A simple game that generates a random number and asks the user to guess it in 10 attempts.
4. **Awakening**: A simple Awakening with Crazy Frog for Wake-up alarm.
5. **Learn Turtle**: An introduction to the Turtle module. This project allows you to draw some figures and is a course project.

## Getting Started

To get started with any of the projects, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Lutr4nn/Python-projects.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Python-Projects/Project-Name
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Run the project:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create an issue with your changes.

Happy coding!
